InnoCentive Ideation Challenge-Specific Agreement

Please Read This Carefully! You and InnoCentive are agreeing to a Challenge-Specific Solver Agreement for this particular InnoCentive Ideation Challenge only. The Seeker for this InnoCentive Challenge has required that you accept these special terms, so please take the time to understand them.

If you click "I agree" and proceed to the Project Room for this InnoCentive Challenge, this Challenge-Specific Agreement ("CSA") will be a valid and binding agreement between you and InnoCentive and in addition to the existing Terms of Use for all purposes relating to this InnoCentive Challenge. Please print and keep a copy of this CSA. No provisions you may have agreed to that are specific to any other individual InnoCentive Challenge will apply.

Proposed Solutions. As a Solver you may submit to InnoCentive your idea (your "Proposed Solution") to the InnoCentive Ideation Challenge to which this CSA relates ("InnoCentive Challenge®"). InnoCentive will make reasonable efforts to transmit Proposed Solutions to Seekers, however, nothing herein shall be construed as requiring InnoCentive to transmit every Proposed Solution on an InnoCentive Challenge to a Seeker. In addition, by submitting your Proposed Solution you thereby agree to provide reasonable assistance and additional information concerning your Proposed Solution to InnoCentive or the Seeker, if requested.
Acceptance of Proposed Solution and License to Use. InnoCentive will notify you within a commercially reasonable period of time after the end of the Time Period set forth in the Challenge Statement whether your Proposed Solution has been selected by Seeker for an Award. The Seeker will judge all Proposed Solutions against the guidelines set out in the Challenge Statement and determine, in its sole discretion, which Proposed Solution best addresses the Challenge Statement guidelines. The Seeker has absolute and sole discretion to determine whether to accept your Proposed Solution, or any Proposed Solution, and whether to make an Award, or multiple Awards. Solver acknowledges and agrees that InnoCentive is not responsible for and has no liability for selection of a winning solver.  Solver further agrees to hold InnoCentive legally harmless in regard to selection of a winning solver. Solver agrees to hold InnoCentive legally harmless for any advice it may provide as to the quality or suitability of submitted solutions and agrees to waive any claim against InnoCentive for Solver's failure to win an award. The meeting of the Challenge Statement guidelines does not automatically mean that the Proposed Solution will be eligible for an Award. Proposed Solutions must NOT contain or include ideas, concepts, solutions or technology in respect of which a third party owns or controls the intellectual property. Proposed Solutions and descriptions thereof may not include trademarks or trade names of corporations or entities without the permission of their owners. By entering, you represent and warrant that:
your entire Proposed Solution is an original work by you and you have not included third-party content (such as writing, text, graphics, artwork, logos, photographs, dialogue from plays, likeness of any third party, musical recordings, clips of videos, television programs or motion pictures) in or in connection with your Proposed Solution, unless (a) otherwise requested by the Seeker and/or disclosed by you in your Proposed Solution, and (b) you have either obtained the rights to use such third-party content or the content of the Proposed Solution is considered in the public domain without any limitations on use;
no person or entity other than you has any right, title or interest in any part of your Proposed Solution;
unless otherwise disclosed in the Proposed Solution, the use thereof by Seeker, or the exercise by Seeker of any of the rights granted by you under this Agreement, does not and will not infringe or violate any rights of any third party or entity, including, without limitation patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, defamation, privacy, publicity, false light, misappropriation, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, confidentiality, or any contractual or other rights;
you have all the rights, licenses, permissions and consents necessary to submit the Proposed Solution and to grant all of the rights that you have granted to Seeker hereunder, including the right for Seeker to use and develop derivative works of and from the Proposed Solution;
all persons who were engaged by you to work on the Proposed Solution or who appear in the Proposed Solution in any manner have:
given you their express written consent to submit the Proposed Solution for unlimited, royalty-free use, exhibition and other exploitation in any manner and in any and all media, whether now existing or hereafter discovered, throughout the world, in perpetuity;
provided written permission to include their name, image or pictures in or with your Proposed Solution (or if a minor who is not your child, you must have the permission of their parent or legal guardian) and you may be asked by Seeker to provide permission in writing;
no claims for payment of any kind, including, without limitation, for royalties or residuals, has no approval or consultation rights or any rights of participation arising out of any use, exhibition or other exploitation of the Proposed Solution; and
not been and are not currently under any union or guild agreement that results in any ongoing obligations resulting from the use, exhibition or other exploitation of the Proposed Solution; and
you understand, recognize and accept that Seeker has access to, may create or has created materials and ideas which may be similar or identical to the Proposed Solution in concept, theme, idea, format or other respects. You acknowledge and agree that Seeker shall have the right to use such same or similar materials, and that you will not be entitled to any compensation arising from Seeker's use of such materials. In the event that your entry is identical or similar to the Proposed Solution of another Solver, Seeker reserves the right, at the sole discretion of the Seeker, to either score one Proposed Solution higher than the other subject to the Challenge Statement guidelines or to randomly choose a Proposed Solution from all of those submitted which respond to the Challenge Statement guidelines.
By entering, you agree that: (i) all Proposed Solutions will not be returned; (ii) Seeker (and its authorized representatives) have the unlimited right to alter and/or edit the Proposed Solution or any part or element thereof; and (iii) Seeker and its licensees, successors and assigns have the right to use any and all Proposed Solutions, and the names, likenesses, voices and images of all persons appearing in the Proposed Solution, for future advertising, promotion and publicity in any manner and in any medium now known or hereafter devised throughout the world in perpetuity.

All intellectual property rights, if any, in the idea or concept demonstrated by the Proposed Solution will remain with the Solver. By submitting a Proposed Solution to this Challenge, each Solver agrees to grant to the Seeker a royalty free, non-exclusive license in respect of all such intellectual property rights, if any, for the purposes of commercial exploitation of the idea or concept demonstrated by the Proposed Solution. Notwithstanding granting the Seeker a perpetual, non-exclusive license for the PROPOSED SOLUTION, The Solver retains ownership of the PROPOSED SOLUTION.

Please also be aware that your Proposed Solution may not be acknowledged and will not be received or held "in confidence" and your Proposed Solution does not create a confidential relationship or obligation of secrecy between you and any of the entities involved in this Challenge.

Payments. If a Seeker Accepts your Proposed Solution, the payment amount (called an "Award") specified in the InnoCentive Challenge posted on the Service by a Seeker (or, in the case of partial payments of Awards, a "Revised Award Amount", if applicable) shall be paid to you by InnoCentive within approximately thirty (30) days after occurrence of each of the following:  1) you are notified by lnnoCentive of your Proposed Solution’s Acceptance, and 2) the completion of certain verification procedures by InnoCentive, and review and acceptance of such results by Seeker, and 3) InnoCentive’s receipt of Award payment from the Seeker. Payment of any Award is conditioned upon your cooperation with InnoCentive's verification procedures. The Award will be paid to you locally, in U.S. Dollars, or if required by your local law, in your local currency equivalent based on the foreign exchange rate in effect on the date of the disbursement by InnoCentive. InnoCentive is not responsible for payment of any Award, or any part of any Award, to any party other than to the Solver through whom the Proposed Solution was submitted to the Service. You understand that the Award represents a complete payment, net of any local taxes that InnoCentive may be required to withhold, for any Accepted Proposed Solution and that you are not entitled to any other compensation of any kind. If local law does not require withholding of taxes, all taxes on Awards shall be your sole responsibility.
 

GENERAL CONDITIONS. Seeker has the right to verify each Solver's eligibility and compliance with this CSA. The Seeker is a third-party beneficiary of this CSA, with the right to enforce the terms and conditions hereof directly against you. Participation is conditioned on providing the data required on the online registration form. Personal data will be processed in accordance with InnoCentive's Privacy Policy which can be located at http://www.innocentive.com/privacy.php. Solvers should direct any request to access, update, or correct information to InnoCentive. Neither InnoCentive nor Seeker is responsible for human error, theft, destruction, or damage to Proposed Solutions, or other factors beyond its reasonable control.
Solvers should not register with multiple e-mail and/or street addresses. In the event of a dispute as to any Proposed Solution, the authorized account holder of the email address used to enter will be deemed to be the person who submitted the Proposed Solution. The authorized "account holder" is the natural person assigned an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address.

Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that:
All information provided by you regarding yourself and, if applicable, your business ("Solver Information") is true, accurate, current, and complete information and you will maintain and update the Solver Information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
If you are an individual representing a business or other entity, you are authorized to enter into this Agreement on behalf of that business or entity.
Unless otherwise disclosed in the Proposed Solution, you are the owner of the Proposed Solution and the Proposed Solution does not infringe or violate any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark or other third-party intellectual property right.
You have the right to grant the license in the Proposed Solution as required by Section 2 of this CSA.
Conflict. In the case of any conflict between the terms of this CSA and the Terms of Use, this CSA controls.
# # #

 